Everyone has a nice college life. They enjoy during these days. But, It is not for everyone. Today, I'm gonna share my traveling hardship days for commuting to college.  I was used to do traveling about 54 kilometers daily and it was very tiring.I'm living on the east side of the Ahmedabad and my college situated on the west side called L.J Institute of Engineering and Technology. Initially, I decided I am able to do commute using public transportation. I remembered, my college time is about 7:30 AM in the morning. Hence, I went for my college at 6:00 AM from my home. Thanks to all my school friends, Sargit, Mayur, and Ruturaj for joining me during tedious traveling every day. I don't know guys whether you have an idea about AMTS or not. Mostly these buses are not as per the schedule and mostly we missed our first lecture at college. I vividly remembered that scenario, where I wasn't able to catch the bus. It is a very interesting guys. It was a time of the winter season. First, we caught the AMTS( Public transportation in Ahmedabad) bus for Shukan Bungalows to Lal Darwaja after that we have to catch another bus for reaching college. Actually, I'm a fatty boy and I wasn't able to run more. But, my all friends are healthy and able to run very fast. On that day bus driver didn't you brake pedal and I scared. Also, all my friends caught the bus, But I didn't; however, I run but I failed to catch the bus.  Hence, I returned my Home because I was totally disappointed. In the evening, all my friends laugh on me and It was really embarrassing moment for me. The next day I decided I would use my bike regardless of Petrol cost.(Petrol price was higher during 2015 about 72Rs/Lit) After some days, my friend Ruturaj joined me and we reached college within 45 minutes. I think It is a more convenient way of commuting in big cities like Ahmedabad, where public transportations are not good. I was really thankful to Ruturaj, who understand my situation and we share petrol cost together. Finally, we completed our bachelor's using that bike. 